Wpf documentation for 4.8 features and bug fixes (#968)
Microsoft/dotnet: Documentation/compatibility/wpf-performace-improvement-grouping-automation.md

## Performance improvement in Automation tree for grouping ItemsControls

### Scope
Major

### Version Introduced
4.8

### Source Analyzer Status
NotPlanned

### Change Description

> Improved the performance of rebuilding the automation tree of an [ItemsControl](xref:System.Windows.Controls.ItemsControl) (ListBox, DataGrid, etc.) in which grouping is enabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved the performance of rebuilding the automation tree of an <xref:System.Windows.Controls.ItemsControl>, such as a ListBox or DataGrid, in which grouping is enabled. 
```
